Court death, right? Go away
You stinky bastard
What qualifications do you have to enter my house?
Get out of here!
Mom, I'm pregnant with his baby
Mom, you shameless loser
Brat, you dare to beat a young master
Bitch cuckold me
You wait for me.
So I did.
See you once and play once
Stop fighting
If you hit it again, you will die
roll
You wait for me to call someone now
I see how you die
Dad, sit down
You're pregnant with his bastard
I want to marry him
Hurry up and knock off the serious part in your stomach
Divorce now
How much loss have you caused to our family?
Get me out of Gao's house for second-hand goods
Roll and roll
Your Gao family doesn't want it, I want it.
Aunt us
If you dare, take him away and I'll break your dog legs right away
Men have to fight
I see who dares
Forget it, he's not a high-priced species anyway